VEAL CUTLET
This is a hearty sandwich we make especially for your sandwich lovers. We top our Ciabatta bread with lightly breaded veal or chicken smothered in tomato sauce, then toast it. Plus, you can add Italian-style hot peppers or roasted red peppers, on us!


LASAGNA
Praising the delicious virtues of lasagna is almost redundant. An Italian classic and a Canadian comfort food, our lasagna features tomato sauce, savoury ground beef and melted mozzarella tucked between layers of tender pasta then baked to golden perfection. We add complimentary parmigiano cheese and garlic bread to your order, too!

SIDE ORDER TOMATO SAUCE
We make our signature sauce from California tomatoes ripened on the vine, then washed and packed within six hours of being picked.

CHICKEN CAESAR
It’s like a salad, but you won’t still be hungry when you’re finished. Here, we layer tender, grilled chicken slices, crisp Romaine lettuce and juicy tomato between our Ciabatta bread. We top it with creamy Caesar dressing, then toast it to perfection.

CHICKEN CUTLET
This is a hearty sandwich we make especially for your sandwich lovers. We top our Ciabatta bread with lightly breaded veal or chicken smothered in tomato sauce, then toast it. Plus, you can add Italian-style hot peppers or roasted red peppers, on us!

MEATBALL
There’s a reason meatball sandwiches are popular for satisfying big appetites: they’re hearty, totally filling and absolutely delicious, if sometimes a little tricky to eat. Our meatball sandwich features authentic Italian meatballs generously doused with classic tomato sauce and tucked between toasted Ciabatta bread. It’s served with your choice of Italian-style hot peppers or roasted red peppers.


PORCHETTA
Our favourite type of sandwich is one with mostly meat – and our porchetta sandwich certainly doesn’t disappoint. We marinate our porchetta in extra virgin olive oil, herbs and spices, then slow-roast it until it’s tender and bursting with flavour. Then we pile it generously on our toasted Ciabatta bread and top it with sautéed Spanish onions. Finally, add complimentary Italian-style hot peppers or roasted red peppers.


CAESAR SALAD

This salad is often attributed to Julius Caesar, but it was another Italian that deserves the credit for the recipe: Caesar Cardini, an Italian chef who reportedly developed the salad around 1924. Since its inception it has been an outrageously popular recipe, and we’re pretty fond of it here, too. Our Caesar features crisp Romaine lettuce, crunchy croutons and creamy Caesar dressing.


CHICKEN CAESAR
It’s like a salad, but you won’t still be hungry when you’re finished. Here, we layer tender, grilled chicken slices, crisp Romaine lettuce and juicy tomato between our Ciabatta bread. We top it with creamy Caesar dressing, then toast it to perfection.


SALAD – BALSAMIC MEDITERRANEAN
Complement the robust richness of pizza with a side that’s light, healthy and perfectly fresh. Our Balsamic Mediterranean salad features fresh leaves of Romaine lettuce tossed with slivers of red onion, juicy tomatoes, black olives and tangy feta cheese. To finish, we drizzle Renée’s Balsamic Vinaigrette.


SALAD – CHICKEN MEDITERRANEAN
Complement the robust richness of pizza with a side that’s light, healthy and perfectly fresh. Our Balsamic Chicken Mediterranean salad features fresh leaves of Romaine lettuce tossed with grilled chicken, slivers of red onion, juicy tomatoes, black olives and tangy feta cheese. To finish, we drizzle Renée’s Balsamic Vinaigrette.























































