CALABRESE
Treat your taste buds to the distinctive flavours of Southern Italy. The combination of our signature spicy sausage, the sweetness of Spanish onion and the bold warmth of roasted red pepper pays homage to the heat of Calabria, the region from which the recipe originates.


BANQUET CHEDDAR
In this twist on tradition, sharp cheddar accompanies the classic mild flavour of mozzarella. We top it with strips of crispy Canadian bacon and a sprinkling of seasoned Canadian ground beef. If you like cheeseburgers (and who doesn’t?), we think you’ll like this recipe.


CHEDDAR SUPREME
This pizza features the classic combination of cheddar and broccoli and ups the ante by adding slides of tender, freshly grilled chicken. Try this pizza if you are feeling a little adventurous, but still in the mood for something familiar.


DELUXE
This pizza features the hearty flavours of our famous pepperoni and bacon paired with the freshness of mushrooms, green peppers, sliced tomatoes and Spanish onions. For when just a few toppings won’t do.

DIAVOLA
Some like it HOT & SPICY! Introducing our newest addition to the signature pizza family, the Diavola. This pizza features our classic tomato sauce topped with hot Soppressata and Italian hot peppers. Perfect for those of you looking to heat things up!

MEAT SUPREME
The name says it all. Meat aficionados will love the rich intensity of zesty pepperoni, real bacon strips, seasoned ground beef and our signature spicy sausage piled atop a classic mozzarella base.

MEDITERRANEAN
This pizza honours our neighbours to the North with its traditionally Greek flavour profile. Bold sundried black olives, Spanish onions, tangy feta and sundried tomatoes top our classic tomato sauce. Try this pizza if you like a little ‘opa!’ with your mangia.


NAPOLETANA
This pizza is not for the faint of taste bud. It has a bold, distinctive flavour, thanks to the salty goodness of tiny anchovies, the robust richness of our black olives and freshly sliced mushrooms


PIZZA POLLO
Pizza Pollo is our go-to recipe when we’re in the mood for something healthy and light. Tender grilled chicken, creamy feta, roasted red peppers and flavourful sautéed spinach are generously piled on top of our famous tomato sauce. It tastes great, and its good for you, too.


PORCO PAZZO
Don’t let its name fool you – there’s nothing crazy about this tender and spicy mix of slow-roasted porchetta, crispy strips of bacon and zesty soppressata layered atop our classic tomato sauce. There are no veggies on this one, but we don’t think you’ll mind. We hope you’re hungry!


PORTOBELLISSIMO
Italy and the True North unite in one of our most popular pizzas. Hearty, Ontario-grown Portobello mushrooms pair perfectly with the rich nuttiness of Italian Asiago cheese. The flavourful heat of our hot soppressata adds a bold kick of spice.

PRIMAVERA
Primavera means spring in Italian, and this medley of veggies and cheese certainly lives up to the freshness of the season. Our classic tomato sauce base is covered with sautéed spinach, perfectly grilled zucchini, roasted red peppers, fresh mushrooms and a sprinkling of parmigiano cheese.

QUATTRO STAGIONI
This is a traditionally Italian recipe, and a customer favourite, too. Quattro stagioni means four seasons, and each ingredient represents a time of year: artichokes for spring, black olives for summer, mushrooms for fall and ham for winter. It’s a pizza for those of you looking for a little seasonality in your slice.
ROASTED PARMA
This pizza combines the warm, robust flavours of perfectly grilled zucchini lightly brushed with olive oil, roasted red peppers and a sprinkling of parmigiano cheese. Try it if you’re in the mood for something savoury, but light and healthy.


SUPER GOURMET
The best of Italy and Greece meet in this deliciously robust recipe. The smoky richness of seared and succulent chicken, roasted red peppers and sundried tomatoes pair perfectly with the cool creaminess of tangy feta.

SUPER HAWAIIAN
Despite its name, the Hawaiian pizza wasn’t born on the sandy shores of its namesake island, but right here in the Great White North. Still, something about juicy pineapple wedges paired with smoked ham and slices of crispy bacon reminds us of somewhere sweeter and warmer.


THE ALL-STAR
We think this is the perfect choice for the big game! Crispy strips of bacon, tender grilled chicken and spicy Italian-style hot peppers layered atop our classic tomato base.

THE FOUNDER’S
This recipe pays homage to – you guessed it – the founders of Pizza Nova! You could say they know their pizza, so when they ask for a double dose of juicy strips of real bacon paired with two times the sweetness of Spanish onion atop our classic tomato sauce base, baked to well done? That’s exactly what they’ll get.

VEGGIE
If you’re in the mood for something a little lighter and healthier, try a pizza that pairs freshly sliced mushrooms with the crisp sweetness of green peppers and the mild delicacy of Spanish onions. We promise you won’t even miss the meat.


CHICKEN FLORENTINE
Florence is famous for its beautiful basilica, amazing shopping, famous art – and for a signature chicken dish. We’ve taken that dish and, as we love to do, transformed it into a pizza. It starts with our pesto sauce layered with sautéed spinach, tender grilled chicken and tangy feta cheese. Then, as a finishing touch, we add bits of aromatic roasted garlic.

TUSCAN PESTO
You can add this pizza to the list of notable exports from Tuscany, a region in central Italy known for its beautiful landscapes and artistic legacies. First, we trade in our classic tomato for our fragrant pesto sauce, then added tender grilled chicken, roasted red peppers and earthy artichokes. For a touch of richness, we add bits of creamy goat cheese. It’s as close as you’ll get to the rolling hills of Tuscany without leaving your kitchen.

BASILICATA
A little hot always needs a little cool. That was our philosophy when we created the Basilicata, a pizza that balances the robust kick of our spicy sausage and Italian-style hot peppers with the healthy cool of sautéed spinach. Our herbed olive oil base provides the perfect platform for these complementary flavours to live in harmony.


BRUSCHETTA PIZZA
We’re proud to honour Italian traditions, but we also like to put our own personal spin on them. That’s why we’ve turned what’s typically an Italian starter dish into a full-fledged pizza. Here, perfectly ripened Roma tomatoes are diced and mixed with fresh herbs, red onion and roasted garlic, then generously piled on top of an herbed olive oil and mozzarella base. Try our bruschetta as a starter, main course, or both!


CALIFORNIA
This pizza is fresh and intensely flavourful. We load our herbed olive oil base with mozzarella, sautéed spinach and sundried tomatoes, then finish it off with the cool tang of feta cheese. You can almost hear the waves of the Pacific rolling into shore.

































































