CAESAR SALAD

This salad is often attributed to Julius Caesar, but it was another Italian that deserves the credit for the recipe: Caesar Cardini, an Italian chef who reportedly developed the salad around 1924. Since its inception it has been an outrageously popular recipe, and we’re pretty fond of it here, too. Our Caesar features crisp Romaine lettuce, crunchy croutons and creamy Caesar dressing.


CHICKEN CAESAR
It’s like a salad, but you won’t still be hungry when you’re finished. Here, we layer tender, grilled chicken slices, crisp Romaine lettuce and juicy tomato between our Ciabatta bread. We top it with creamy Caesar dressing, then toast it to perfection.


SALAD – BALSAMIC MEDITERRANEAN
Complement the robust richness of pizza with a side that’s light, healthy and perfectly fresh. Our Balsamic Mediterranean salad features fresh leaves of Romaine lettuce tossed with slivers of red onion, juicy tomatoes, black olives and tangy feta cheese. To finish, we drizzle Renée’s Balsamic Vinaigrette.


SALAD – CHICKEN MEDITERRANEAN
Complement the robust richness of pizza with a side that’s light, healthy and perfectly fresh. Our Balsamic Chicken Mediterranean salad features fresh leaves of Romaine lettuce tossed with grilled chicken, slivers of red onion, juicy tomatoes, black olives and tangy feta cheese. To finish, we drizzle Renée’s Balsamic Vinaigrette.


SIDE ORDER ANCHOVIES
These small, salty fish pack quite the punch for their size, so they’re often used to boost the flavour of several varieties of sauce. They’re also a tasty addition to pasta, salad dressing and your favourite pizza. Anchovies live in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian oceans, but we import ours from beautiful Morocco.

SIDE ORDER MEATBALLS
Two authentic Italian meatballs covered in tomato sauce

SIDE ORDER PARMIGIANO CHEESE

POTATO WEDGES
Enjoy a full pound of our Southern-style wedges: hearty hunks of potato traditionally seasoned and cooked until golden brown.

PIZZELLE ITALIAN COOKIES
Pizzelle Italian Waffle Cookies 150g


GARLIC BREAD
Is there anything better than garlic bread? (We’re probably the wrong people to ask.) We can’t help but love our recipe, which features garlic butter melted over a fresh and fragrant loaf of bread. It’s warm and tender on the inside, crusty on the outside, and delicious everywhere.


GARLIC BREAD WITH CHEESE
As it turns out, there is something better than garlic bread: garlic bread with a generous helping of mozzarella melted and lightly browned on top.


GARLIC BREAD WITH DAIRY FREE MOZZARELLA STYLE SHREDS
A no-dairy diet is no reason to miss out on cheesy garlic bread. Here, we’ve topped our classic garlic bread with melted Daiya Dairy-Free Mozzarella Style Shreds. Please note that garlic is seasoned with garlic butter.

BRUSCHETTA
Full order of garlic bread served with a side of fresh bruschetta mix. The perfect combination!


CHEESE BRUSCHETTA
Full order of garlic bread topped with cheese served with a side of fresh bruschetta mix. The perfect combination!


FOCACCIA BARESE
Before there was pizza, there was focaccia.

Our Focaccia BareseTM (pronounced fo’kka-cha ba’ree-zeh) is an oven-baked bread topped with very specific ingredients: Barese olive oil, pachino-style tomatoes and roasted black olives. This honoured and protected recipe comes from Bari, and has remained unchanged since its invention. We’re very proud that the Consorzio Focaccia Barese has granted us, and only us, the privilege to prepare this dish here in Canada, and we humbly uphold the tradition by using ingredients of a specific quality and conventional methods of preparation.

Because Focaccia BareseTM should be served warm or at room temperature, we’ll always serve it to you warm. However, if you want to heat up your focaccia, bake it at 450 degrees for two to three minutes, then drizzle with our Primucci Extra Virgin Olive Oil.


















































