

Pepperoni
Free of antibiotics or hormones, our pepperoni is made from a mix of Canadian, vegetable grain-fed beef and pork.

Bacon
Centre-cut strips of Canadian bacon, from pork raised without antibiotics.

Sliced Tomatoes
Tomatoes bring a bright and bold flavour to any pizza, and they’re also a great source of Vitamins C and A!


Hot Soppressata
A Southern Italian specialty, hot soppressata is a dry-cured salami rich in spice and bursting with flavour.

Cheddar
Cheddar is made from cow’s milk, has a slightly crumbly texture, and boasts an earthy, sharp flavour.


Ground Beef
Beef from Canadian farms, ground and coated generously with seasoning. Ground beef contains gluten.

Roasted Red Peppers
Our red peppers are roasted over fire, which is the best way to bring out their bold and distinctive flavour.

Spanish Onions
Italian cuisine favours this onion, whose mild and delicate sweetness complements almost any flavour profile

Broccoli
Our broccoli is slightly charred for a smoky flavour, but we keep its crispness to complement any meat topping.

Spicy Sausage
Our spicy sausage is seasoned with a blend of herbs, chili peppers and fennel seeds. Add it for a punch of heat!

Fresh Mushrooms
Our mushrooms are grown on Ontario farms and freshly sliced before we add them to your pizza.

Grilled Chicken
We only use chicken from Canadian farms, raised without the use of antibiotics.

Green Peppers
We want to preserve the flavour and freshness of our green peppers, so we slice them just before we make your meal

Italian Style Hot Peppers
These peppers are small but mighty. Add them sparingly to your meal to add a zesty kick of colour and heat!

Feta
Feta is a Greek cheese mostly made from cow’s milk. It has a mild flavour, soft texture, and slightly tangy taste.


Sundried Black Olives
The natural sun-ripening process adds a slightly chewy quality to the black olive’s signature bold and salty flavour.


Sundried Tomatoes
We source our sundried tomatoes from Italy, where their intense flavour grows as ripe tomatoes dry in the sun.

Anchovies
We import these small, salty fish from Morocco, and they’re often used to boost the flavour of a dish.

Black Olives
Olives are one of the oldest foods known to us, and we get ours straight from the original source: Greece.

Sautéed Spinach
Spinach is a super healthy leafy green. To keep ours flavourful, we sauté it with olive oil and garlic right before adding it to your meal.


Porchetta
Porchetta, a traditional Italian cut of meat, is a boneless and seasoned roast, slow-cooked to tender perfection.

Asiago
Asiago is a popular Italian cheese known for its bold and nutty flavour profile that perfectly complements tomato-based dishes.


Portobello Mushrooms
These dense, meaty and flavourful mushrooms are grown on Ontario farms and sliced in-store.


Grilled Zucchini
Zucchini is an Italian favourite! We import ours from Italy, where it’s lightly brushed with olive oil and grilled.


Parmigiano
Parmigiano is a hard Italian cheese whose subtle flavour and versatility has made it a staple in Italian kitchens.


Artichokes
The dense leaves of an artichoke add a bold and earthy kick of flavour to your pizza, and they’re healthy too!

Smoked Ham
Our ham comes from Canadian farms. We smoke it, then slice it thinly before adding it to your meal.


Pineapple
Add pineapple to your meal for a touch of its signature sweetness and unique texture.


Pesto
Our pesto is a creamy blend of basil leaves, olive oil and parmigiano cheese. It does not contain nuts.

Goat Cheese
Goat cheese has a tender and creamy texture, and a taste that pairs well with fruits, meats and vegetables.


Herbed Olive Oil
Our white sauce blends extra virgin olive oil with traditional Italian herbs and spices.































































